-Code -Name

0 Module ID 
The First Free Address pointer is placed in the relocation
base register and the load address register. The module length is added
to the First Free Address pointer. The module name is ignored.

1,2 Entry Address 
A value of 1 indicates an absolute entry address. 
A value of 2 indicates a relocatable entry address. 
One of these tags may appear at the end of the object code file by 
specifying an entry point with an END in your assembly language program.
The Loader immediately executes any object code starting with one of these tags.

3,4 External References 
A value of 3 indicates that the symbol is in relocatable code.
A value of 4 indicates that the symbol is in absolute code. 
The REFed symbol is placed in the REF/DEF table with the address of 
the symbol (plus the relocation base.
    if the tag is 3. The entry is deleted from the table when 
       the corresponding DEF is found. The first word of the 
       reference is given in two's-complement notation.

5,6 External Definitions 
A value of 5 indicates that the symbol is in relocatable code. 
A value of 6 indicates that the symbol is in absolute code. 
The DEFed symbol is placed in the REF/DEF table with the address of 
the symbol plus the relocation base if the tag is 5.

7 Record Checksum 
The checksum is tested with the computed value.

8 Ignored Checksum 
The value field is ignored.

9 Absolute Load Address
The value is placed in the current address register.

A Relocatable Load Address 
The value plus the relocation base register is placed in
the current address register.

B Absolute Data
The data is placed at the address specified by the current 
address register. The current address is incrernented by 2.

C Relocatable Load Address 
The value of the data plus the relocation base register is
Data placed at the address specified by the current address
register. The current address is incrernented by 2.

D Load Bias     Loading halts with an error.

E Undefined     Loading halts with an error.
F End of Record The rest of the record is ignored and a new record is read.

G,H Undefined   Loading halts with an error.

I Program Segment ID    Ignored.

:  End of File 
    When the first character of a record, loading halts.